So my game takes place in a snowy cold place, sometime in winter. The player is a little gingerbread man who is trying to traverse the icey terrain to find his way back home to his gingerbread house. You as the player will have to complete two different levels of parkour to reach the gingerbread house. The first level is very easy as you will only have to make a few jumps from platform to platform. But after you complete the first level you will have to do the much harder second level. The second level consists of similar jumps, but there are also walls that block your way from completeing these jumps. You will have to use ur gaming skills to perfectly time the jumps in order to be able to make it to the next platform without falling. The controls of the game are "A" and "D" to move side to side and then space bar to jump. Those are the only controls that are beng used for the game. The thing i am mnost proud of about my game is the fact that i created the platforms and the entire background by hand. The charcter was one that i found online that i modified and changed a little bit. While creating my game i faced many problems that i was able to fix. Some of them being me not being able to import my files from pixeldraw to unity, or me not being able to change the movement controls as they were broken because i made a mistake when i was first creating them. I also had a problem where my background was very clear in pixel draw, but when i uploaded it into unity it became very blurry. I was not able to fix this issue as it would not let me remove the abckground once i had uploaded it in. But other than all of that, the game making went pretty smooth.
